capital = 59

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = ALG_ar
recruit_character = ALG_acr
recruit_character = ALG_mt
recruit_character = ALG_stc
recruit_character = ALG_aa2
recruit_character = ALG_acgs
recruit_character = ALG_ncm
recruit_character = ALG_nccr
recruit_character = ALG_coi
recruit_character = ALG_democratic_guy
recruit_character = ALG_acd2
recruit_character = ALG_acas
recruit_character = ALG_communist_guy
recruit_character = ALG_ncs
recruit_character = ALG_awt
recruit_character = ALG_pot
recruit_character = ALG_fascist_guy
recruit_character = ALG_ai2
recruit_character = ALG_nt
recruit_character = ALG_aco2


set_convoys = 20

1939.1.1 = {
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = large_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {
		tech_support = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		gw_artillery = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 20
	communism = 50
	neutrality = 5
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Ernst Thälman"
	desc = "After the collapse of the Nazi regime he decleared Hannover as an Independant State"
	picture = ErnstThälman.dds
	ideology = marxism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Franz von Papen"
	desc = "Once a collaborator of Hitler he reslised that Hitler polecies werent good and he fled to hannover and created a new monarchist Party in the name of the Kaiser"
	picture = "monachrist.dds"
	ideology = despotism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Konrad Ardenauer"
	desc = "a member of the NSDAPwho was a democrat and only joined because he didnt want to get killed took his oppertuity to flee to hannover and establish his own democratic party"
	picture = "democrat.dds"
	ideology = conservatism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Heinrich Himmler"
	desc = "He made a new fascist Party to take over germany but this time not under hitler or anyone else"
	picture = "fascist.dds"
	ideology = nazism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}


1939.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 25
		fascism = 20
		communism = 5
		neutrality = 50
	}
}

